Add alt texts (#22068)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/user_interface/browser_action/index.md

{{AddonSidebar}}

Commonly referred to as a [browser action](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/browserAction), this user interface option is a button added to the browser toolbar. Users click the button to interact with your extension.

> ![Browser action example with a paw print button.](browser-action.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A custom browser action icon it the browser tool bar that looks like paw print.](browser-action.png)
```
